Tweak: Adjust intro mission dialogue to encourage a map purchase (#6715)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/intro missions.txt

			`	"Great," he says. "My name is James, by the way."`
			`	"<first> <last>," you say.`
			`	"I'm looking forward to traveling with you, Captain <last>," says James.`

> 			`	As you're helping him wheel his luggage aboard and showing him his bunk, he says, "Before we take off, you might head on over to the trading center and stock up on medical goods; we can sell those for a good profit on <planet>.  Also make sure to visit the local outfitter, while they don't sell much here compared to on the big manufacturing worlds, every world with an outfitter will at least carry a map with information on the neighboring systems, I'd suggest buying one so we don't get lost.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As you're helping him wheel his luggage aboard and showing him his bunk, he says, "Before we take off, you might head on over to the trading center and stock up on medical goods; we can sell those for a good profit on <planet>.  Also make sure to visit the local outfitter, while they don't sell much here compared to on the big manufacturing worlds, every world with an outfitter will at least carry a map with information on the neighboring systems, I'd suggest buying one as it takes a bit of the guesswork out of navigation. It isn't a requirement, though: Some captains like exploring instead."`
```

I don't like the "I'd suggest buying one so we don't get lost." as it makes it sounds almost like a requirement. I would prefer it if this was framed as a helpful suggestion instead.

Author: I'm not sure about it seeming like a requirement. It seems to me like "I'd suggest buying one so we don't get lost." is already being framed as a helpful suggestion. 

James isn't telling you to buy one before he'll continue working with you, he's just suggesting you do so in order to prevent getting lost and I'm not sure it really needs to be explicitly stated to be "not a requirement".

I also want to encourage players to purchase a map at least once, rather than make it seem like an optional choice they 
can make if they choose not to engage in exploration. Once they've purchased their first map, they can use that knowledge to make an informed decision as to whether they want to purchase more. 

I'm absolutely open to changing it though, if you do think it would be best, I just think it would be good to strongly encourage a new player to buy a map _at least once_

Reviewer: Honestly, I *don't* think they should buy one their first time through. Didn't the first couple playthroughs of EV, EVO, and EVN, either.

At the very least, they shouldn't be buying maps until after they've made a few jumps and explored a little. They should actually experience the intended normal exploration first so they actually understand what the map does and how it changes their game.

Author: Okay, understood. If you feel that is best, I will make the change.

> 			`	As you're helping him wheel his luggage aboard and showing him his bunk, he says, "Before we take off, you might head on over to the trading center and stock up on medical goods; we can sell those for a good profit on <planet>.  Also make sure to visit the local outfitter, while they don't sell much here compared to on the big manufacturing worlds, every world with an outfitter will at least carry a map with information on the neighboring systems, I'd suggest buying one as it takes a bit of the guesswork out of navigation. It isn't a requirement, though: Some captains like exploring instead."`

Reviewer 2: Sweet run-on.
```suggestion
			`	As you're helping him wheel his luggage aboard and showing him his bunk, he says, "Before we take off, you might head on over to the trading center and stock up on medical goods; we can sell those for a good profit on <planet>. Also make sure to visit the local outfitter. While they don't sell much here compared to on the big manufacturing worlds, every world with an outfitter will at least carry a map with information on the neighboring systems. Buying them can help if you're not quite sure where you're going."`
```
I'd rather not word it as, "I'd suggest you buy one, but you don't have to it you don't want to," as that seems very ham-fisted to me. Let's instead just describe the function of the map, how it can help, and leave it to the player as to whether or not they want to buy one.

				`	"Sounds good. Let's do it!"`
				`	"Sorry, no way am I loading up my shiny new starship with smelly fish."`
					decline

> 			`	"Great!" he says. "I mentioned this earlier but you might want to stop by the outfitter and buy a local map. Hyperspace routes aren't always logical, and the last thing you want to do is get lost and end up with a pile of rotten fish that no one wants filling up your cargo hold."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Great!" he says. "I mentioned this earlier, but you might want to stop by the outfitter and buy a local map. Hyperspace routes aren't always logical, and the last thing you want to do is get lost and end up with a pile of rotten fish that no one wants filling up your cargo hold."`
```
